Add custom free function node migration instruction (#1756)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/scripting/script-canvas/programmer-guide/custom-nodes/custom-free-function-nodes.md

{{< note >}}
The migrate process assumes the node signature and behavior stay the same. If replacement node signature and behavior are different, you should upgrade Graph manually.
{{< /note >}}

### Step 2: Create replacement Custom Free Function Node
For detailed instructions how to create Custom Free Function Node, you can refer to above topics.

As an example, here is part of migration we have done for ```Math/Matrix3x3``` nodes:
1. For ```SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_NODE(NODE_NAME, CATEGORY, UUID, DESCRIPTION, ...)``` use case
   ```cpp
   AZ_INLINE Data::Vector3Type GetRow(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& source, Data::NumberType row) { ... }
   SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_NODE(GetRow, k_categoryName, "{C4E00343-3642-4B09-8CFA-2D2F1CA6D595}", "returns vector from matrix corresponding to the Row index", "Source", "Row");
   ```
   Replacement function and ScriptCanvasFunction.xml content
   ```cpp
   Data::Vector3Type GetRow(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& source, Data::NumberType row);
   ```
   ```xml
   <Function Name="GetRow">
       <Parameter Name="Source"/>
       <Parameter Name="Row"/>

>    </Function>

Author: Actually there is no `Out` element and we do have `Description` attribute, the main thought here is to show replacement required fields. (Introducing `Parameter` as it is required for DefaultValue use case)
We do recommend customer to use `Text Replacement` as the way to modify editor data, like naming and description which is introduced as last part of previous topic.

>    </Function>

Reviewer: OK, not a hard request I guess. I was just leaning towards showing readers how to migrate as much of the original code as possible, for a more complete example of a migration. I'm surprised this helpful "out param" description wasn't kept as part of the actual migration of these nodes.

   ```

1. For ```SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_NODE_WITH_DEFAULTS(NODE_NAME, DEFAULT_FUNC, CATEGORY, UUID, DESCRIPTION, ...)``` use case
   ```cpp
   AZ_INLINE Data::BooleanType IsClose(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& lhs, const Data::Matrix3x3Type& rhs, const Data::NumberType tolerance) { ... }
   SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_NODE_WITH_DEFAULTS(IsClose, MathNodeUtilities::DefaultToleranceSIMD<2>, k_categoryName, "{020C2517-F02F-4D7E-9FE9-B6E91E0D6D3F}", "returns true if each element of both Matrix are equal within some tolerance", "A", "B", "Tolerance");
   ```
   Replacement function and ScriptCanvasFunction.xml content
   ```cpp
   Data::BooleanType IsClose(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& lhs, const Data::Matrix3x3Type& rhs, const Data::NumberType tolerance);
   ```
   ```xml
   <Function Name="IsClose">
       <Parameter Name="A"/>
       <Parameter Name="B"/>
       <Parameter Name="Tolerance" DefaultValue="0.01"/>

>    </Function>

Reviewer: Per earlier suggestion, add an Out with a description for the IsClose function XML.

   ```

> 1. For ```SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_MULTI_RESULTS_NODE(NODE_NAME, CATEGORY, UUID, DESCRIPTION, ...)``` use case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Example of replacing `SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_MULTI_RESULTS_NODE`:
```

   ```cpp
   AZ_INLINE std::tuple<Data::Vector3Type, Data::Vector3Type, Data::Vector3Type> GetRows(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& source) { ... }
   SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_MULTI_RESULTS_NODE(GetRows, k_categoryName, "{DDF76F4C-0C79-4856-B577-7DBA092CE59B}", "returns all rows from matrix", "Source", "Row1", "Row2", "Row3");
   ```

>    Replacement function and ScriptCanvasFunction.xml content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Replacement function and ScriptCanvasFunction.xml content:
```

   ```cpp

>    AZStd::tuple<Data::Vector3Type, Data::Vector3Type, Data::Vector3Type> GetRows(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& source);

Reviewer: Per earlier suggestion:
```suggestion
   AZStd::tuple<Data::Vector3Type, Data::Vector3Type, Data::Vector3Type> GetRows(const Data::Matrix3x3Type& source) { ... }
```

   ```
   ```xml
   <Function Name="GetRows">
       <Parameter Name="Source"/>

>    </Function>

Reviewer: Per earlier suggestion, add an Out with a description for the GetRows function XML.

   ```

> ### Step 3: Create replacement Custom Free Function Node
> Update Generic Function Node macros by providing replacement node identifier, and replacement node identifier comes from ScriptCanvasFunction.xml. We use Namespace and Function Name to guarantee the uniqueness.

Reviewer: Step 3's description is the same as step 2. Did you mean this?
```suggestion
### Step 3: Update generic function node macros
Replace each generic function node macro with the `SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_REPLACEMENT` macro, using a sanitized replacement node identifier that's derived from ScriptCanvasFunction.xml. We use `Namespace` and `Function Name` to guarantee the uniqueness.
```

As an example, in [Matrix3x3.ScriptCanvasFunction.xml](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/ScriptCanvas/Code/Include/ScriptCanvas/Libraries/Math/Matrix3x3.ScriptCanvasFunction.xml)

> * Namespace: ```ScriptCanvas::Matrix3x3Functions```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Namespace: `ScriptCanvas::Matrix3x3Functions`
```

> * Function Name: ```GetRow```, ```GetRows```, ```IsClose```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Function Names: `GetRow`, `GetRows`, `IsClose`
```

```xml
<ScriptCanvas>
    <Library
        Include="Include/ScriptCanvas/Libraries/Math/Matrix3x3.h"
        Namespace="ScriptCanvas::Matrix3x3Functions"
        Category="Math/Matrix3x3">
...
        <Function Name="GetRow">
        <Function Name="GetRows">
        <Function Name="IsClose">
...          
    <Library/>  
<ScriptCanvas/>
```

> Sanitized replacement node identifiers are: ```ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_GetRow```, ```ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_GetRows```, ```ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_IsClose```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sanitized replacement node identifiers are: `ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_GetRow`, `ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_GetRows`, and `ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_IsClose`.
```

```cpp
SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_REPLACEMENT(GetRow, k_categoryName, "{C4E00343-3642-4B09-8CFA-2D2F1CA6D595}", "ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_GetRow");
SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_REPLACEMENT(GetRows, k_categoryName, "{DDF76F4C-0C79-4856-B577-7DBA092CE59B}", "ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_GetRows");
SCRIPT_CANVAS_GENERIC_FUNCTION_REPLACEMENT(IsClose, k_categoryName, "{020C2517-F02F-4D7E-9FE9-B6E91E0D6D3F}", "ScriptCanvas_Matrix3x3Functions_IsClose");
```

> ### Step 4: Upgrade existing out of date Graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Upgrade existing graphs that are now out of date
```

> At this point, system gets all required information to do the replacement and there are two ways to upgrade Graph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, the system has all the required information to do the replacement. To upgrade your graphs, do one of the following:
```

> 1. Batch Processing - For convenience you can use the version explorer tool found in the ScriptCanvas Editor ```Tools / Upgrade Graphs```. You can select multiple source Graphs in the tool and upgrade them to the latest version, and it will save them in the new format, or report errors if for some reason it could not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Batch Processing - For convenience you can use the version explorer tool found in Script Canvas Editor in the **Tools / Upgrade Graphs** menu. You can select multiple source graphs in the tool and upgrade them all to the latest version. The tool will save them in the new format, or report errors if the upgrade fails.
```

> 1. Single Processing - You can open specific Graph in the ScriptCanvas Editor, Graph will be automated upgraded, and you should be able to save it with new format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Single Processing - You can open a specific graph in Script Canvas Editor. The graph will upgrade automatically. Save the graph to keep the new format.
```
